Ask Peter Seidel
you can use it in the terrain
a vw-bus does not belong in the area
who claims such a thing has no idea how buses have always been rather
more purpose vehicles than just Amy their transporters
this particular specimen named was satisfied even then one
it
why driving in the terrain is so much to his liking
our system has the big advantage of being high for the t5
terrain
that is, vehicle type is percent
Rolf meeting to take
arrived by percent
Drive Gladenbach
Ganten through deep mud form for example this often in Nepal building
leaves
since 1971, Peter Seidl and his mechanics have been working in the small village
Freigesicht Altenmittlau near Fulda
on vw-bussen costumes specialty
the vehicle interior for heavy terrain
the project c5 extremes mix many years of experience, among others
newest technology
the core of our system is this an instant program suspension
go to one
the support of Hans Kummer 5 contains something good for later on
Backstage fortune allows up to 45 degrees by one hundred percent
In addition, Novartis has the freedom of 110 millimeters for the CBOE
Both are important elements to later with the vehicle in extreme terrain
before
this congress Sam
Possibility ground clearance of considerable 38 centimeters
in connection with the plaster translated gearbox
with a Nazi the beatable combination
Shell experience with children
build as usual
softer principle gentler to think that vehicles create
but in the end they have to try the five anyway
necessarily on a subordinate role of the mediator
because I'm worried
but if the ground became dry and stable
and then it's recorded
in the small workshop of cars Seikel is based on the VW t5
auricle
a true all-rounder
Chassis or underrun protection Everything is meticulously matched and assembled
The technology clock lasts one week
And even with the rims that was initially flee nothing was the
Left to chance
Ronny Wölfel's complacency fell by 112 million more
that is the basic condition that is tolerated
the under set and also the big brake inside the rim accommodate
and both go saving so was the reset at box van
I love the door rises without the Bad Homburger
Photos thanks to the raise of the Cross Aires allowed Albertos on one
Total height of just under 22 test
on
this not only benefits 2
she is
the underground car park is also no longer wanted should photo Müller 20
Accordingly, the home garage has to be high and that is
clear
Percent lie
Federal judge then does that but must
On almost everyone looks then Euro were what VW
the extremely polarized
the safe driving characteristics of the VW t5 remain
thanks to widened track and taut suspension
but largely preserved
not so the consumption of the more weight of
580 kg and the short gear ratio, of course, sorry
definitely go for it
Of course, worried voices can be made by putting 1 and would order one
Third higher
Percent practically, this is also "in a bit crazy" we were already the
Hands Martha earlier to test
and consumption was between 15 and 19 liters, depending on the driving style
And in the deep sand, I also need my dream
the off-road assists action artist was raised in the fall
tested the sand and gravel roads of the Sahara
Highlight in the truest sense of the word
Name sources comes from that
Vitus really is an extreme vw-bus so having that can do so many things
which are usually not common, especially in the field
from this spring onwards, especially in pipeline construction in the Eastern Bloc countries
at the military
at the border guard and at the open pit find his home
all interested parties say that the reconstruction costs a good 25,000
previous week